FPS Capture (#441)
embrace-io/embrace-docs: docs/unity/features/fps-capture.md

---
title: FPS Capture
description: FPS Capture for the Embrace Unity SDK
sidebar_position: 19
---

# Overview

In mobile games and apps it is crucial to know when/if your app is having FPS issues. Typically you want a target minimum frame rate for your app and our automatic FPS capture tool will log periodically how your app is doing and if you went below a target threshold.

## Getting Started

Start by going to **Tools > Embrace > Settings**

Under the **Settings** Tab enable:
**Auto Instrumentation FPS Capture**

> Please note this is an opt-in feature.

Reviewer: Can you add as a markdown note item, with a little more context? let me know if the below works

```suggestion
::: Note 
FPS capture is an opt-in feature, meaning it will only work if you enable it using the steps above
:::
```

### Implementation

> The FPS Capture tool is automatically added to your application as soon as it starts. If you want to change your target threshold go to Embrace SDK > Resources > EmbraceFrameMeasurer.prefab and modify the `Target Frame Rate` value.

Reviewer: >as soon as it starts

Is this technically correct? Or is it added as soon as Embrace starts in the app?
